# Which of the following virtual machines is stack-based?
答案是 evm
# Which network protocol did Solana implement to optimize message delivery tothe leader?
答案是 Turbine
# On which blockchain network was NBA Top Shot on?
答案是 Flow
# What is the name of the mechanism Solana will use to prevent spam?
答案是 Stake-Weighted Quality of Service（SWQoS）
# Which of the following Solana wallets came first?
答案是 Solflare
# Which of the following is a key feature that native rollups purport to offer?
答案是 Enshrine a based rollup
# What DeFi primitive was invented by Curve?
答案是 Stable Swap
# What problem does MonadDB, Monad's custom database solution, address?
答案是 Speed of disk access
# In Solana, what is the propagation method by which a leaders distribute blocks toother nodes in the network?
答案是 Turbine
# Which fraternity was Arthur Hayes a member of during college?
答案是 Castle
# What are the three main challenges faced by Layer 1 blockchains thatDoubleZero aims to address?
答案是 Filtering, routing, traceability
# Who is a cofounder of DoubleZero?
答案是 Austin Federa
# In the bankruptcy proceedings of cryptocurrency exchange FTX, who served asFTX's legal counsel?
答案是 Sullivan & Cromwell
# Which Metaplex program is responsible for storing metadata?
答案是 Token Metadata
# As of April 2024, what is the estimated aggregate capacity of all rollups deployedon the Ethereum network?
答案是 300
# What is the smallest unit of Solana ($OL) and how much does it equal in terms ofSOL?
答案是 one billionth
# What is the name of Solana's consensus mechanism?
答案是 Tower BFT (TBFT)
# Which publication first released the FTX balance sheet to the public?
答案是 Coindesk
# In which country did the blockchain-based game Axie Infinity experience a surge inpopularity?
答案是 The Philippines
# Which Solana lmprovement Proposal number attempted to transition Solana to afixed inflation model?
答案是 228
# In which version of Uniswap were hooks introduced?
答案是 v3
# Which NFT collection has launched merchandise available for purchase atWalmart stores?
答案是 Pudgy Penguins
# What is the size, in bytes, of a single Ethereum blob in EIP-4844?
答案是 128kb
# Which individual(s) proposed the implementation of vote locking for SushiSwap?
答案是 Andre Cronje 和 OxMaki
# How many years was Gary Wang, the former CTO of FTX, sentenced to in prison?
答案是 0 years
# What does a yield token in the Pendle protocol represent?
答案是 The future yield generated by an underlying yield-bearing asset
# Which type of attack was employed in the Beanstalk exploit?
答案是 Governance and flash loan
# Which company is credited with developing and introducing compressed NFTS(cNFTs) on the Solana blockchain?
答案是 Metaplex
# In Solana, what does swQoS prioritize?
答案是 Amount of stake
# Which network was the first to try proof-of-stake?
答案是 Peercoin
# Which of the following functions is NOT part of the ERC-20standard?
答案是 onlyAdmin
# Which consensus mechanism does Berachain use?
答案是 Proof of Liquidity
# Which innovative feature does Doppler implement toenhance token launches?
答案是 Two-phase launch system with a Dutch auction and dynamic bonding curve
# Which institution of higher education started the DeFiEducation Fund?
答案是 Harvard
# What does the acronym RiSC stand for?
答案是 Reduced Instruction Set Computer
# How many consecutive slots is each leader assignedbefore rotation occurs to the next leader in Solana?
答案是 Four consecutive slots (1.6 seconds)
# Which of the following best describes concentratedliquidity?
答案是 Ability to allocate funds to a specific price range
# Which Domain-Specific Language (DSL)is primarily usedfor developing smart contracts on the Starknet platform?
答案是 Cairo
# What is the name of Solana''s mechanism that provides areliable source of truth for passage of time?
答案是  PoH（Proof of History）
# How did Hyperliquid's distribution strategy differ fromother chains?
答案是 Took no VC money
# Which country"s Ruby crypto wallet is supported by Base?
答案是 Vietnam
# What is the duration of the challenge period for OP Stacknetworks?
答案是 7 days
# On which online forum was the Bitcoin whitepaper firstpublished?
答案是 Metzdowd
# Which cryptocurrency company is responsible for maintainingthe Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP)?
答案是 usdc母公司 Circle 
# Which of the following best describes ElP-4844 in Ethereum?
答案是 Proto-Danksharding
# Which project uses Reed-Solomon coding?
答案是 Firedancer  也就是sol   Firedancer” 是 Solana 的高性能验证器客户端
# On which platform was the $TRUMP memecoin initiallylaunched?
答案是 Moonshot
# In the context of DeFi tokens, what does the prefix "ve" usuallystand for?
答案是 Vote Escrow
# What is the "Superchain" and what does it aim to achieve?
答案是 A network of chains with shared interop
# Which DeFi founder and protocol are credited with inventing theconcept of liquidity mining?
答案是 Robert Leshner and Compound Protocol
# According to J.P Morgan, what is the estimated daily notionalvalue of zero days to expiration options trading?
答案是 $1 trillion
# Which popular social media platform introduced support forNFT profile pictures in 2022?
答案是 推特 
#  Which NFT community is associated with the cryptocurrency token $CULT?
答案是 Milady Maker
# How much ETH are validators required to stake in order to participate in Ethereum proof-of-stake?
答案是 32 
# Which of the following blockchain platforms supports the development of smart contracts in C++?
答案是  Algorand
# What is the average number of user-generated transactions per second on the Solana blockchain?
答案是 25,000 TPS
